ROHIT 2016 Version)

Hi I am Rohit from 2016. 
Actually yeh Rohit mein hi hoon the Tiger Rohit.
In 2016 I had broke hand [Left hand elbove].It was wenesday and 
I was having my the train the schedule at  Friday, 
but the day when i broke my hand .  I was is my village and there orthopedic where avaible only twice a week.
so I didn't get the treatment that day, but fortunately in my massi's house their was a neighbour who was a assitant ortrapodic  doctor 
and he done a temporary plaster  of my hand then after 3 day A serios doctor done my operation of my hand and after 21 days 
when i  recover It was found that the operation was not done properly and my hand was littig bit bend . i fold my hand there was any problem but kept my free is normal position it look bad and ugly and also when I walk it used to look very bad . so my parents decide to do reoperation of my  hand  and  after consult
 the doctor we decided to do reopration after 10th std. & Due to this event I was mentally very unstable I was like tornado is my Emotions . Due to do this I got bulled  many times in my school, tution, building ground  peoples, my friends, my neigbhans.
 Due to this I got disconnected to outter & world. I used to stay at my home every time . I started hallucinating thing.
So used to talk to myself Whole day.
 Then I having a social and anxiety to to reduce this started doing is the front of my building .
Suddenly one, It was around 12:45 Am when i wasat the road slide of the garden.
 A  futuristic super car, Came beside me, I never Saw that type of car before 
It was so luxurious . its cost might be 5-6 cr. then suddenly a 24 -26 year old man came out and said I am rohit . 
Then He told me to sit is my car and have a small drive. Actually I should not go with him but Now I think It was best decision of my  life.
 Actually now I think he has came from future to guide myself . 
Then It was feeling like that He was a Rohit but from Future. Actualy He helped me to find myself and  told the purpose of my life and also Show me the reality of world.
Actually this so sci-fi But I dont know what it was. OK let us and move on to the next. 
After if I started finding the way to achieve my dream goal I was intrested in science. i though that with experties in Science could achieve those. 
So started diving into the science for for new discoveries. 
Started studying Articles, documentry following idols in  Science field.  It was like I started getting out from are depression and  It was like a dont care about are peoples thoughts. 
Everthing was going normal from for 7th. 8th and
Then Actually I was working or my a travling technology with my friend name 'SUJAN".
 And He was my best of my first best friend. Actualy He was my first trust worthy person my life.