SUJAN

I meet this boy & when I was is 7th Std and it was about to end. 
There  was 2 month left for the last semester exam of the 7th std , 
then one day teacher makes me sit beside him.
 At first AS as introvert I did talk to any One there but soon because of the friendly nature of him,
 we started talking, we  used to share our notes ,I actually most of the times I took his notes because I was very slow at writing  and also my handwriting is also very bad .
Actually our friendship started from 8th. 
And there I found that we were having similar interest.
we  used to talk alot and this was the first time though 
I have got the most preciosous to treasure
 but it will soon proven wrong.
 then one day decided to bring my imaginative world to life. 
so then I start say about past hypothetical stories.
Btw. I also writing on that story and soon will make a animation series and movies on that , BTTT and because of his is used to enjoy by going to the school . when I came home after the school.
 I used to wait that when  the next day  will come. and he also share my stories  we with the student's in the class so by this I started getting more attention. 
I was a feeling like I am a very rich  and famous personalty . then I also used to do predicting

the future with my imagination in the school.and we  started making plans  for our future , we used to thought that we will be be working in a very to Tech Giant  companies and also isro and nasa .
I know this  sound so silly and funny. Everything  was fine but then when I was at end the 8th std suddenly the lockdown was announced. Then the school were closed

and online clases were going on. I used to watch youtube during the online class and  chat with him at whatsapp also we were working on a project with him .
Attually working  finding some discoveries or business idea which can make us rich and help us to achieve of dream. before it we thought about 2-3 ideas but it was not reliable so much. 
Then suddenly after few weeks when I was drinking water from a

plastic bottle i noticed  the cap mechanison of the battle and got the idea then suddenly got to the kitchen with a pen and paper and lock door, and start planning about the ideas then after making a decent plan,
 I show the plan to him the next day. Actually this event was going on after the

A diwali. 
Back to lockdower event. I had gone my Village there I used to talk privately and everyone there used to think that I am talking my  girl friend, 
Actually this was with so embarising  movement & Due to this my relatives started spying on me . At that time I was Very uncomfortable , and or the top of that
I have a fight with my Actually I was Mentally very weak and sucidial thought were also too comming.
 Now I see this moments as a so stupid . But anyways Due to this my relations with. relative has gone very bad. I think I could not ever show my face to them. 
But still It was not a big deal because I believe that would whe big achieve the massive. Success. Also it was going it like that way only .

